You've officially made it through the first lesson.
Threat assessment is a fundamental part of the cybersecurity risk management process
and understanding this brings you one step closer to
unleashing your potential as a cybersecurity practitioner.
You have to be familiar with the technology environment,
the people, the processes,
and all of the assets that make the company run.
You also need to know about the possible threats that you face that could disrupt that.
At this point, you've learned about the relationship between threats,
threat actors, vulnerabilities, and exploits.
You've explored how to utilize event context
to identify potential threat actor motivations.
You should be able to identify security threats that
are applicable to important organizational assets.
Finally, you've learned how to use standard frameworks like Cyber Prep to
assess threats that can help you identify risks and prioritize your protection efforts.